changed task description (#650)
mate-academy/jv-oop: README.md

- Create classes `Truck`, `Bulldozer`, `Excavator` that will inherit from `Machine`.
- In those classes override `doWork()`, so it will print message that certain machine started its work.
- Override `stopWork()` as well. It should print messages that certain machine stopped its work.

> - In `Main` class create an array of Machines with Truck, Bulldozer and Excavator and call methods `doWork()` and `stopWork()` in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In `Main` class create `Machine` array with `Truck`, `Bulldozer` and `Excavator` and call methods `doWork()` and `stopWork()` in a loop.
```
